1. Goolge. With the exception of returning the widget to the store as a first move, the remaining three answers are all reasonable, but the best measure of determination is trying to figure it out for yourself. In this day and age that starts with a search.

2. Like the previous question, we're looking for a sense of determination and curiosity, which means looking for the answer yourself and trying things out before you go running for a helping hand. 

3. Any of the answers seem reasonable, but 'a given point in time' is the answer the fits the widest possible set of options.

4. #4. None of the other cables will connect the two systems; 4 is simply the systems listed in reverse as previously described.

5. Bleeding. This is an exercise in being able to assess the criticality of a situation and prioritize accordingly. Shortness of breath means she's still breathing; pain is to be expected; none of us will last long if we lose too much blood.

6. European date convetions are day/month/year, so: 25/12/25.

7. #2. You are looking for people who are open to new ideas and ways of doing things. The other answers are dismissive of new ways of thinking/doing, and display a lack of humility.

8. #2. Strikes a balance between following conventions and acceptable methods, and incorporating new ideas and techniques. Neither extreme rigidity nor complete lack of discipline are desired traits.

9. #2 Again, looking for someone who is open to new ideas, not dismissive of different ways of doing things, and not going to take out their frustrations on others just because they don't agree on an approach.

10. #1 A measure of determination, and in this particular case, overcoming frustration. 

11. #3. You want people to admit their mistakes and help to address them, not hide them (allowing them to fester or get worse) or other actions that may poison the workplace or sow discord and distrust. Rarely are mistakes fatal, and regardless of their nature they are all opportunities to learn. 

12. #3 Maybe you heard wrong, maybe not, but not trying to make progress or putting the onus on others when you have a chance to help isn't acceptable. 

13. #2. You can't let setbacks derail your entire effort. Its OK to feel down and out, that's natural, but the route towards a solution is rarely a straight line. In the end, nobody is going to care how you got there, only that you made it.

14. #1. You assume your superiors know more than you and have done the tasks successfully before many times, so their verbal directions are likely to be sound. Having said that, most work that involves a high degree of risk (airline pilots, surgeons) use checklists for a reason: humans make mistakes. 

15. #3. Search is great, but its not the be-all, end-all. Results are only as good as the algorithm used (see bias in algorithms), and the available information. If the answer you're looking for isn't online, search isn't going to help.

16. Any answer seems reasonable, but #4 strikes a balance between creativity, determination, humility, and realism. It includes self-study, practical application of what's been learned, and collaboration. #1 would seem to be a good alternative, but it emphasizes discussion/engagement (not a bad traint) and lacks demonstrated skill (even if at the novice level).

17. Any answer is acceptable, but #2 speaks to one's drive or sense of efficiency; #3 speaks to one's willingness to collaborate or selflessness; #1 speaks to drive in general, but is a potential recepie for burn-out; #4 speaks to one's self-motivation. Whatever value you place the greatest emphasis on should inform your answer selection.

18. #4. It's the boss's company and they are the one who determines the course of action. You may end up the hero, or a zero, but the idea that you would let a potential breakthrough languish because its not all about you isn't the right mindset. 

19. #3 You want people to come to you with new ideas, but you also want them to understand that 'new' doesn't necessarily mean 'right' and there are implications for being wrong. Crawl, walk, run, and evaluate at each step can help determine if something with work without incurring too much risk.

20. There is nothing wrong with asking for help (#4) but #2 is the answer if you value creativity and determination.

21. #2. A sense of creativity, learning. # #3 or #4 are also acceptable depending on what you're looking for.

22. #2: Bob has to swim, Charlie has to bike, Alice has to run.

23. #3. It is not a complicated situation, but it is one fraught with dangers. You want someone who is not going ot make it all about them, humility enough but also proud enough about their accomplishment to not downplay their contribution (imposter syndrome).

24. #2 if you want to leverage search; #3 if you are looking for determination.

25. #2. You're looking for someone who is willing and able to be a part of a team. To suborn their personal desire to be the hero and develop other members of the team. 

26. #3. Displays a sense of cooperation and empathy. 

27. #2. 

28. #4. Lying can only come back to haunt you; not acting on the truth may come back to haunt the boss, but that's part of the deal.

29. #1. 1000 is *roughly* 1024.

30. All of the above.
